Clarify config recycles (#305)
18F/identity-handbook: _articles/appdev-deploy.md

### Config Recycle

A config recycle is an abbreviated "deploy" that deploys the same code, but lets boxes pick up
new configurations (config from S3).

> **Note:** `identity-idp-config` changes likey likely need a migration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** `identity-idp-config` changes only need a migration recycle unless it includes a logo chance, in which case a full IDP recycle with migration is needed.
```

Feels wordy, but that's the current state

Author: I thought we just discovered that cert updates were being skipped over?

Author: I synced with @mitchellhenke, for now, all `identity-idp-config` changes do seem to require a migration instance so I'm going to reword this to be more explicit:

```suggestion
**Note:** currently, all `identity-idp-config` changes require a migration.
```

> **Note:** currently, all `identity-idp-config` changes require a migration.

Reviewer 2: This is probably fine for this section. I think either adding a new section here about identity-idp-config deployment process, or linking to another page about that might be useful as a future improvement. I'll check to see that a JIRA is logged. Thank you for the update, it's a helpful clarification!
